
PORTED VISUALIZERS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DttcWl                   acrylic
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Wl3fzM                   apollonian_twist
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tcXRr                   auditory_nerve
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlyyWz                   brainstorm
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3tcBz7                   butterfly_effect
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ctyfRh                   cathedral
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4stBzr                   chaos_columns
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XlX3Rj                   circuit_planet
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3l23Rh					cloud_tunnel
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/ke5bF6hENE8zphaSp   clown_wig
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MdtSD8					colorbeat
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ll2SRy					cube_field
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldf3RH                   dalek
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dtj3zW                   dancefloor
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DtBSWw                   darkstar
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/ntCWzzdvXfp33a6oz   dartboard
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlfBDX                   discotheque
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdjfDR                   disco_tunnel
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dtK3Rh					first_ones
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MlfSWX                   first_ones_corridor
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tBXRh                   fractal_anxiety
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3dXSDB                   fractal_dragon
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dlVyWD                   fractaloscopic
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mt3SWs                   fractured
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ddSDS                   fur_space
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MdXSzS					galaxy
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/NP3rRKeHPZeXBhymB   hairy_eyeball
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3d2fzK                   hex_sound
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wsl3WB					hexagone
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DlB3WG					hypercolor
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lB3WV                   hyperlepsy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlKyRV                   hypno_flower
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mltBDl                   interstellar
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/msXXzs                   jester
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtdfW2					jitterbugs
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/llB3W1					julia_set
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldscRB					kali_set
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/CJqnsPPKxz3KGqWSZ	lisa_simpson
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DdSGzG                   lysergic_inception
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlKyRK                   maze
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/7dVyDh                   mobius_maze
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlKyRG                   moire_scope
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4ttGDH                   molten_glass
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/NdG3zw                   nebula
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ds2yWh					neon_rings
(multiple sources, see oil_slick.conf)                  oil_slick
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wssyDX                   paint_bomb
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlKSWh                   parametric
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ttGGDc                   party_tree
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/csfyzS                   party_tunnel
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dlycDW                   peacock_feathers
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/eMAJ5HydzdzbnzduF	plasma_grid
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/bSWJchGnG97o3HQfE	pointy_eyeball
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dtBBRc                   psych_spin
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/7lySW1					red_vs_blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fgGnWdObN4             ripple_grid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dtd3z2                   rollerbox
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ftK3zc                   seizure_kitty
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Xsd3Rn					shadow_vessels
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/7tsSRB                   shattergrid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Mdj3RV                   snap
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XsVSzW                   simple_plasma
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtVGDz                   spectrasound
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlcfW2                   spin_cycle
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mtyyW1                   spirograph
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DslyWS                   sportsball
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wlGGDc                   stained_glass
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlfSWn                   stained_glass_orchid
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/fdsfRH					star_sticks
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mds3WN                   the_machine
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/cst3zl                   the_ring
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtV3W3                   tiedye
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/sd3yW8					toni_disk
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ldGyWW					tron_bowling
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/7tGfRD                   unstable_plasma
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Msl3WH                   warp_speed
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtdGR7                   warp_tunnel
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MtdXRS                   weave
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wddGWM                   what_dreams


PORTED FX
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MscGWX                   blaze
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dls3WS                   boxed
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DtGfzV                   color_puddle
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4t3Szj                   double_vision
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tsdXDB                   extrusion
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Ds2Sz1                   glass_blocks
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/dsSGWm                   hall_of_mirrors
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lltSRB                   mandelbrot
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/DddBRj                   meltdown (has uniform parameters)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XlV3zR                   nautilus
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4lKGDz                   neon_motion (has uniform parameters)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MtGXzG                   palette_knife
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Wdfyz2                   rainbow_borders
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdlfWj                   reaction
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/3lKXRG                   rolling_feedback
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4l2XWK                   sinusoid_warp
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtVGD1                   sketchy
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Wt2yWz                   skinimax
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/cd2BD1                   slimed
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ltdGDn                   splash
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ltySRt                   staircase
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdcczN                   swirly
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XlGXzw                   time_blur
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ltyGWD                   time_diffusion
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WtjBD3                   trails
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lsf3DS                   voronoi
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdycRK                   whorls
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ltyGR3                   wiggle_scope
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/llScz1                   zoom_blur


PORTED CROSSFADE TRANSITIONS (crossfade_*.frag filenames in "libraries" directory)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lfXXWM                   burning
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/lfXSWM                   diagonal_strips
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ftVBDd                   gritty_fade
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MffXWM					tiles (multiple)


VISUALIZERS PORTED, NOT WORKING or NEEDS WORK
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ml3cDj                   lightning_waves (audio disabled; pass 1 output banded/wrong)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XdVGWt                   lightsabers (has audio; doesn't work right)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mlKSW1                   noisebloom (not very active)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtGSRD                   particle_bombs (not working at all)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/4tKBRm                   spectrum (requires texture LOD support)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/wdyfDD                   rainbow_gatekeeper (not working at all)
https://www.vertexshaderart.com/art/mmxfYzJp3mCehkHcH   wispy_blob (partly works, sphere surface is black)


FX PORTED, NOT WORKING or NEEDS WORK
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XtGBzy                   chaos_wave (almost works if you look closely)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Msd3W2                   diffusion_warp (too slow/subtle at full-screen res)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/tdS3DR                   motion_dilation (works, some viz need to exclude)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/MdlBDn                   offset_blur (looks good w/video...)


PORTED FX AVAILABLE BUT NOT DISTRIBUTED (I don't like them much, but you might...)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/ctVGWw                   glitch_fork
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/WslyWn                   mirror_strips (could be improved...)
https://www.shadertoy.com/view/Dlt3D7                   submerged (weird banding artifacts)
